Alpha, just it! What are you doing?
Your Majesty King Alan, we're honored to have you graze our tribe's ceremony.
It's nothing, just some lowly people who don't know their places.
You Majesty Alan, this woman has been disrespectful to her Alpha all along,
and she even dares to claim that these roses are all from you.
These roses are indeed from me, because I am pursuing Miss Kristin.
Miss Kristin, I apologize for being so late,
and I hope that I've not caused you too much distress.
Miss Kristin Alan, oh my god, these roses are actually from King Alan.
I came to Kristin.
Justin has really offended King Lykin.
No, no, this wench, how could you?
Miss, unless you want to make enemies with the King, I suggest you mind your words.
Alpha Justin, I sincerely hope that this is the last time I see you disrespecting Miss Kristin.
Miss Kristin, when I heard that your dress had been torn,
I prepared you a new dress.
Please, take it and go and get changed and enjoy this ceremony.
Kristin accepted quickly.
He's the new partner bestowed upon us by the moon goddess.
So what you're so kind?
Wench, she actually embarrassed me in public.
Justin, Justin?
Kristin, today you're the moon's dazzling queen of the adult family.
Kristin, no, I can't accept it.
You could only be mine. I won't let you go.
May I call you Kristin?
Kristin, I just stand in my king.
You do not have to keep calling me your majesty.
When you're with me, I just want you to see me as your partner.
But I'm sure your wolf already told you that.
I know that you haven't had it easy with Black Wind Tribe.
Come and stay with me in my palace.
Be my queen.
I know that you haven't had it easy with Black Wind Tribe.
Come and stay with me in my palace.
Be my queen.
No, I'm not good enough.
I don't think I have what it takes to be a good queen.
Kristin, in the very first moment I saw you,
I knew why I was born into this world.
It was to meet you.
I don't care what the others say.
To me, you are such a unique treasure.
Come with me.
What are we waiting for?
This is already prepared the car.
Let's go.
There's one more thing I need to do, people.
I'll be right back.
My necklace.
This wench.
Don't be so pleased.
I will make you pay.
It's all over now.
A fending king lichen.
This bitch will badmouthe behind me.
And he will kick me out of the wolf pack.
Darling, don't worry too much about this bitch.
She doesn't have that much power.
You forget.
King Allen is known as the tyrant.
Those women he picks.
He kills them all.
Kristin won't have a good ending.
You're right.
How can I forget it?
By the way, he just plays with her now.
And when he finds a real queen, he'll quickly abandon her.
So sweet.
Darling, can you accompany me to pick up another day?
An engagement ring?
I want a pink one.
Whatever you want.
Kristin, I've prepared a few gifts here to welcome you into the palace.
I selected all these myself in the treasury.
Do you like them?
Kristin.
I've prepared a few gifts here to welcome you into the palace.
I selected all these myself in the treasury.
Do you like them?
Too extravagant.
I can't take it.
These were all meant for you.
Here, I want you to be the most prestigious queen of the entire wolf pack.
Try these crystal shoes.
I had the maiden secret the first day I met you.
Not to use to bring any of you.
I'm so sorry.
This is Lily from now on.
She will be your personal maid and you can ask her for anything you like.
Ladies, please give us a moment.
I'd like to speak with Kristin here.
Everything is horrible.
That was my first kiss just now.
I just remembered I have some official business that I need to do and I should.
Why don't you go to sleep and I'll see you tomorrow.
What?
There's something wrong.
How could that be?
Although I also thought something should have happened.
You've been so brave.
No, he probably thinks that I'm that kind of woman.
Don't do I think I'd Kristin.
Good night.
You know very well what happened.
I'm just so excited.
I think I'm gonna mess the whole thing up.
She doesn't know I'm a virgin.
I'm just worried that I'm gonna perform poorly.
You apologize tomorrow.
She must have misunderstood.
You're a little boy.
I'm afraid I won't perform well.
Make an announcement.
I want the entire nation to know that Kristin is to be my future queen.
Yes, my lord.
Then I'll please don't do this.
I'm not ready yet.
I don't want to be extravagant.
All right, fine.
If you don't want to do it now,
we'll do it before the wedding.
And after dinner,
we're gonna go shopping and get more clothes and jewelry.
Yes, I'm sorry.
I have a meeting I have to attend to.
But for now, here.
Take this.
This card has no spending limits.
Buy whatever you like.
You go shopping first and I'll catch up with you after the meeting's done.
Thank you so much.
Don't worry about me.
I can take care of myself.
Am I saying things right?
Is that Kristin?
Was it possible Kristin and that poor alone wolf couldn't possibly afford to shop at such a high-end mall?
Let's go, darling.
You have to buy me the most beautiful diamond ring.
Okay, let's go.
You should get something for me.
Looks like one of those poor people who can't afford a single branded item.
Excuse me.
The luxury store.
People like you are not loud in here.
It can't be that expensive.
Do you see yourself dressed like that?
Let me tell you something.
The cheapest tie in here cost 15,000.
So, why would you choose you that I don't have that kind of money?
Don't judge a book by its cover.
How much for this ring?
Well, this ring costs more than you can imagine.
It is a limited edition.
If you damage it, even if you sell everything that you own, you won't be able to afford it.
You are so out of line.
I'm going to speak to your manager and tell them that I want to buy this earrings.
Someone, I'm the alpha of the Black Wind Tribe and I want to buy some jewelry for my future Luna.
Am I mistaken?
Christine?
What are you doing in such a luxury shop?
What can you pay with your money?
The air?
Kristen, it's really you.
What are you doing here, bitch?
They're so escaping you to scumbacks.
Haven't been shopping.
What in luck?
How dare you talk to me like that?
You're looking for some trouble?
Oh, darling.
I like this one.
The earrings.
Let's take it.
You like it?
Alright.
How much is that?
What?
I think I'll choose a different design.
This one doesn't quite match to my future Luna.
Oh, can I afford such expensive earrings?
Maybe I should buy it.
I actually saw it first.
I didn't say we couldn't afford it.
I said it isn't suitable for her.
Kristen, stop pretending.
You're just a lowly maid from our tribe.
The stench of poverty radiates from you even from three blocks away.
And now you dare to boast about buying such expensive shit?
Forget about $1,500,000.
I doubt she could even put up $50,000.
Othering my customers and hindering my business, please leave immediately.
How about this?
How is that possible?
Justin, don't be fooled.
It just must be fake.
Give me the card reader.
I knew it.
It's fake.
Christine, you have the nerve to pretend to be a black card member.
Someone arrest this bitch.
Oh, Kristen, stop lying, you bitch.
You're just a shameless gold digger.
You dare to deceive people with counterfeits?
I really thought she could come up with all that money.
Turns out it was all of an act.
How shameful.
I almost fell for your acting skills.
Too bad.
But show have to end up here.
No!
Look, you don't trust me.
Let me prove it.
This is the receipt that I got in other stores when I was buying things, right?
So look at the amount of the date.
And tell me, if this card is fake, how was I able to use it?
I don't believe this.
So if the card is not a problem.
Our reputation is this in store.
I think this card reader doesn't work.
You find another card reader right now to swipe my card and prove my innocence.
Because why possibly be fake?
Fine.
Let's just swipe it.
Let her be thoroughly disappointed.
I want to see how a lowly maid like you can come up with $1,500,000.
Huh?
Do it.
What?
Possible.
The black card is actually real?
How could a maid like you have a black card?
You must have stolen it.
Nonsense.
King Alan himself gave me this card.
King Alan's status is so noble.
How could you possibly be his partner?
No wonder now she has black cards.
The royal family money is practically limitless.
Christine, you were a bond pretending that you were innocent.
Pure.
Turns out you were just holding out for a better price.
King Alan was really satisfied with you.
He even gave you a black card.
Don't make yourself cry.
Give me a filthy hand.
Show me.
You.
Funny it's worth it.
I ever heard.
King Alan's status is so noble.
How could you possibly be his partner?
You don't sell her nothing.
Otherwise, I will tarnish your reputation.
Did you hear this woman?
She said she's the partner of the Wolf King.
Such a big deal.
Why didn't we hear about it in the news?
It's because we didn't want to announce it so soon.
Ugh.
Sing excuses.
I'm embarrassed for you.
If you're really his Majesty's companion, why did he let you wander around them all alone?
The slut dearest to call King Lycan by name.
Justin, you're the boss.
Charge her.
On your knees.
Alan, here is supposed to spare you.
They've fallen into my head.
Tonight, I'm going to screw to death.
Justin, what about we just disfigure your pretty face so she can't seduce men anymore?
No.
Take her to Black Wind Tribe.
Look.
I have a plan.
Kristen, I sense that Alan is coming quickly.
You can scream all you want.
Nobody will save you, bitch.
Who dares to insult the future Lycan Queen?
Your Majesty, this is a misunderstanding.
Kristen, are you hurt?
Tell me what happened.
I tried to find some earrings.
But then the clerk told me that I'm not qualified to buy jewelry from this store.
And more so.
Who started questioning the authenticity of the black cards you gave me?
She's lying right here.
Yeah, I asked for your input.
This is my fault.
But I'm not publicly announcing your identity.
Have you found her multiplying?
You said that she was unqualified to purchase from this store, correct?
Yes.
Purchase this mall and its entirety in Kristen's name.
Your Majesty.
The mall has been transferred to Kristen's name.
From now on, you can come here whenever you wish.
Take whatever you like, without pain.
Your Majesty, hear me.
You are fired.
And if I ever as much see your face again,
I'll have you banished from the werewolf tribe.
Who judge others by their appearance?
I really not fit to work in sales.
I forgive you.
And us for you.
Your Majesty, it's just a misunderstanding.
You will face the consequences of your actions.
Get ready for the coronation as soon as possible.
First, you must meet the elders.
Somebody, make an announcement to the entire werewolf tribe.
I want everyone to know that Kristen is to be my future queen
and the future mother of the tribe.
All right, your grace.
Kristen, I will make this coronation happen as soon as possible.
But first, you have to meet the elders.
Bitch, Christine.
How could she become queen of the lichen?
Damn whore.
It's all because of you.
The queen tribe is finished.
She'll poison Ellen's mind.
Come down, Chief.
Don't forget, she's not about for blood.
I have a way to ensure that woman doesn't become queen.
Yes.
Why did I get this idea?
I'm so clever.
You're so good.
When I finish with Christine, I'll marry you.
I'll make you my Luna.
Yes, the elders are respected, but they're also my subordinates.
They will respect you.
It's your Majesty Ellen.
Please, no need for formalities.
I believe we all know why I've called for this council.
I have finally found my destiny made.
Kristen.
Kristen, these are the three elders that assist me with governing.
Adam, Anthony, and Roy.
Your Majesty Ellen, we have heard that Miss Kristen,
is originally from the Black Wind Tribe.
Is this true?
Well, not anymore, elders.
What does that mean?
Are you not anymore?
Alpha Justin of Black Wind Tribe insulted me and mistreated on numerous occasions, so...
Does this mean Miss Kristen that you do not have alpha bloodline?
Oh, well.
I'm afraid that's correct.
I don't.
I oppose this woman becoming Queen of the Worlds.
She's a bloody idiot, and she does not even have alpha bloodline.
How could she be worthy of your Majesty Ellen?
Elder Anthony, must I remind you that accusing Kristen is disrespecting me.
I dare not.
Your Majesty Ellen.
Do I not speak the truth?
She is not an alpha.
Your Majesty, throughout history, every Queen of the like and dynasty has had alpha lineage.
Please reconsider.
Do not make this woman a Queen.
If you are to be the ruler of a nation, you must not be swayed by personal emotions.
She is the companion that has been chosen by the Moon Goddess, and I love her.
She naturally fits to be my Queen.
I'm here for you.
Your Majesty Ellen.
We fully understand your sentiment.
Of course, you can marry this woman, but there is no need to make her mother of this nation.
That's just ridiculous.
Making her a simple console will suffice.
What?
Enough!
The three elders are clear on my intentions.
I shall marry Kristen and make her my wife, meeting adjourned.
Your Majesty Ellen, of course we cannot stop you.
However, have you forgotten that the late King Lycan had entered you into a marriage contract?
What's a woman named Anna?
Of course, I've not forgotten, but this woman has been deceased for many years.
No, Your Majesty.
She is still alive.
Someone!
Bring this Anna in!
Greetings, Your Majesty Ellen.
I'm Anna.
We went to great lengths to locate the last Miss Anna.
She carries pure Alpha lineage, unlike someone like Kristen.
Silence!
If you wish to remain an elder, you will retract that statement.
Kristen, Anna is my father's foster daughter, and we were betrothed to be married once I was younger.
This was not my original intention.
Your Majesty, the late King left a testament when he appointed you as heir.
If Miss Anna is to be found, you are to marry her and take her as your queen.
Indeed, Your Majesty.
Do you intend to defy this testament and offend the late King, even in the afterlife?
Enough!
I've heard enough of this today.
This is over.
We shall pick this up another day.
Your Majesty, I have no intention of breaking you and your partner apart, but please don't drive me away.
I have nowhere to go and no family left.
Your Majesty, out of our childhood bond, will you let me in?
Childhood bond?
But her state seems like she has nowhere else to go.
Cassius? Your Majesty?
Please, I scored Anna downstairs.
Find her room. She needs to rest.
There's Your Majesty.
Why do I feel like an outsider?